"Why?" said Arthur, sharply.

"No - we already thought of that one," said Frankie interrupting,
"but  it doesn't fit the answer. Why? - Forty-Two ... you see, it
doesn't work."

"No," said Arthur, "I mean why have you been doing it?"

"Oh, I see," said Frankie. "Well, eventually just habit I  think,
to be brutally honest. And this is more or less the point - we're
sick to the teeth with the whole thing, and the prospect of doing
it all over again on account of those whinnet-ridden Vogons quite
frankly gives me the screaming heeby jeebies,  you  know  what  I
mean? It was by the merest lucky chance that Benji and I finished
our particular job and left the planet early for a quick holiday,
and  have since manipulated our way back to Magrathea by the good
offices of your friends."

"Magrathea is a gateway back to our own dimension," put in Benji.

"Since when," continued his murine colleague,  "we  have  had  an
offer  of  a quite enormously fat contract to do the 5D chat show
and lecture circuit back in  our  own  dimensional  neck  of  the
woods, and we're very much inclined to take it."

"I would, wouldn't you Ford?" said Zaphod promptingly.

"Oh yes," said Ford, "jump at it, like a shot."

Arthur glanced at them, wondering what all this  was  leading  up
to.

"But we've got to have a product you see," said Frankie, "I  mean
ideally  we  still  need  the  Ultimate  Question in some form or
other."

Zaphod leaned forward to Arthur.

"You see," he said, "if they're just sitting there in the  studio
looking  very  relaxed  and,  you know, just mentioning that they
happen to know the Answer to Life, the Universe  and  Everything,
and  then  eventually  have to admit that in fact it's Forty-two,
then the show's probably quite short. No follow-up, you see."

"We have to have something that sounds good," said Benji.

"Something that sounds  good?"  exclaimed  Arthur.  "An  Ultimate
Question that sounds good? From a couple of mice?"

The mice bristled.

"Well, I mean, yes idealism, yes the dignity  of  pure  research,
yes  the  pursuit  of  truth  in all its forms, but there comes a
point I'm afraid where you begin to suspect that if  there's  any
real  truth,  it's  that the entire multi-dimensional infinity of
the Universe is almost certainly being run by a bunch of maniacs.
And  if  it  comes  to  a choice between spending yet another ten
million years finding that out, and on the other hand just taking
the  money  and  running,  then  I  for  one  could  do  with the
exercise," said Frankie.

"But ..." started Arthur, hopelessly.
"Hey, will you get this, Earthman," interrupted Zaphod. "You  are
a last generation product of that computer matrix, right, and you
were there right up to the moment your  planet  got  the  finger,
yeah?"

"Er ..."

"So  your  brain  was  an  organic  part   of   the   penultimate
configuration  of  the  computer  programme,"  said  Ford, rather
lucidly he thought.

"Right?" said Zaphod.

"Well," said Arthur doubtfully. He wasn't aware  of  ever  having
felt  an organic part of anything. He had always seen this as one
of his problems.

"In other words," said Benji, steering his curious little vehicle
right  over  to Arthur, "there's a good chance that the structure
of the question is encoded in the structure of your brain - so we
want to buy it off you."

"What, the question?" said Arthur.

"Yes," said Ford and Trillian.

"For lots of money," said Zaphod.

"No, no," said Frankie, "it's the brain we want to buy."

"What!"

"I  thought  you   said   you   could   just   read   his   brain
electronical\-ly," pro\-tes\-ted Ford.

"Oh yes," said Frankie, "but we'd have to get it out first.  It's
got to be prepared."

