go of me you brute!"

The Vogon guard dragged them on.

"Don't you worry," said  Ford,  "I'll  think  of  something."  He
didn't sound hopeful.

"Resistance is useless!" bellowed the guard.

"Just don't say things  like  that,"  stammered  Ford.  "How  can
anyone  maintain  a  positive  mental  attitude  if you're saying
things like that?"

"My God," complained Arthur, "you're  talking  about  a  positive
mental  attitude  and you haven't even had your planet demolished
today. I woke up this morning and thought I'd have a nice relaxed
day,  do  a bit of reading, brush the dog ... It's now just after
four in the afternoon and I'm already  thrown  out  of  an  alien
spaceship six light years from the smoking remains of the Earth!"
He spluttered and gurgled as the Vogon tightened his grip.

"Alright," said Ford, "just stop panicking."

"Who said anything about panicking?"  snapped  Arthur.  "This  is
still  just  the  culture  shock. You wait till I've settled down
into the  situation  and  found  my  bearings.  Then  I'll  start
panicking."

"Arthur  you're  getting  hysterical.  Shut   up!"   Ford   tried
desperately  to  think, but was interrupted by the guard shouting
again.

"Resistance is useless!"

"And you can shut up as well!" snapped Ford.

"Resistance is useless!"

"Oh give it a rest," said Ford. He twisted his head till  he  was
looking straight up into his captor's face. A thought struck him.

"Do you really enjoy this sort of thing?" he asked suddenly.

The Vogon stopped dead and a look  of  immense  stupidity  seeped
slowly over his face.

"Enjoy?" he boomed. "What do you mean?"

"What I mean," said Ford, "is does it give you a full  satisfying
life? Stomping around, shouting, pushing people out of spaceships
..."

The Vogon stared up at the low steel  ceiling  and  his  eyebrows
almost  rolled  over  each  other.  His mouth slacked. Finally he
said, "Well the hours are good ..."

"They'd have to be," agreed Ford.

Arthur twisted his head to look at Ford.

"Ford, what are you doing?" he asked in an amazed whisper.

"Oh, just trying to take an interest in the world around me, OK?"
he said. "So the hours are pretty good then?" he resumed.

The Vogon stared down at him as sluggish thoughts  moiled  around
in the murky depths.

"Yeah," he said, "but now you come to mention  it,  most  of  the
actual  minutes  are  pretty lousy. Except ..." he thought again,
which required looking at the  ceiling  -  "except  some  of  the
shouting  I  quite  like."  He  filled  his  lungs  and bellowed,
"Resistance is ..."

"Sure, yes," interrupted Ford hurriedly, "you're good at that,  I
can  tell.  But if it's mostly lousy," he said, slowly giving the
words time to reach their mark, "then why do you do it?  What  is
it?  The  girls?  The  leather? The machismo? Or do you just find
that coming to terms with the mindless tedium of it all  presents
an interesting challenge?"

"Er ..." said the guard, "er ... er ... I dunno. I think  I  just
sort of ... do it really. My aunt said that spaceship guard was a
good career for a young Vogon - you know, the uniform,  the  low-
slung stun ray holster, the mindless tedium ..."

"There you are  Arthur,"  said  Ford  with  the  air  of  someone
reaching  the  conclusion  of his argument, "you think you've got
problems."

Arthur rather thought he had. Apart from the unpleasant  business
with  his  home  planet  the  Vogon  guard had half-throttled him
already and he didn't like the sound of being thrown  into  space
very much.

"Try and understand his problem," insisted Ford. "Here he is poor
lad,  his  entire life's work is stamping around, throwing people
off spaceships ..."

"And shouting," added the guard.
