second?   You're   surely  not  thinking  of  the  Multicorticoid
Perspicutron Titan Muller are you? Or  the  Pondermatic?  Or  the
..."

Contemptuous lights flashed across the computer's console.

"I spare not  a  single  unit  of  thought  on  these  cybernetic
simpletons!" he boomed. "I speak of none but the computer that is
to come after me!"
Fook was losing  patience.  He  pushed  his  notebook  aside  and
muttered, "I think this is getting needlessly messianic."

"You know nothing of future time," pronounced Deep Thought,  "and
yet  in  my  teeming  circuitry I can navigate the infinite delta
streams of future probability and see that  there  must  one  day
come  a  computer  whose  merest  operational parameters I am not
worthy to calculate, but which it will be my fate  eventually  to
design."

Fook sighed heavily and glanced across to Lunkwill.

"Can we get on and ask the question?" he said.

Lunkwill motioned him to wait.

"What computer is this of which you speak?" he asked.

"I will speak of it no further in this present time,"  said  Deep
Thought.  "Now. Ask what else of me you will that I may function.
Speak."

They shrugged at each other. Fook composed himself.

"O Deep Thought Computer," he said, "the task  we  have  designed
you  to  perform  is this. We want you to tell us ..." he paused,
"... the Answer!"

"The answer?" said Deep Thought. "The answer to what?"

"Life!" urged Fook.

"The Universe!" said Lunkwill.

"Everything!" they said in chorus.

Deep Thought paused for a moment's reflection.

"Tricky," he said finally.

"But can you do it?"

Again, a significant pause.

"Yes," said Deep Thought, "I can do it."

"There is an answer?" said Fook with breathless excitement."

"A simple answer?" added Lunkwill.

"Yes," said Deep Thought. "Life, the  Universe,  and  Everything.
There  is  an  answer.  But," he added, "I'll have to think about
it."

A sudden commotion destroyed the moment: the door flew  open  and
two  angry  men  wearing the coarse faded-blue robes and belts of
the Cruxwan University burst into the room, thrusting  aside  the
ineffectual flunkies who tried to bar their way.
"We demand  admission!"  shouted  the  younger  of  the  two  men
elbowing a pretty young secretary in the throat.

"Come on," shouted the older one, "you can't  keep  us  out!"  He
pushed a junior programmer back through the door.

"We demand that you can't keep us out!" bawled the  younger  one,
though  he was now firmly inside the room and no further attempts
were being made to stop him.

"Who are you?" said Lunkwill, rising angrily from his seat. "What
do you want?"

"I am Majikthise!" announced the older one.

"And I demand that I am Vroomfondel!" shouted the younger one.

Majikthise turned on Vroomfondel. "It's  alright,"  he  explained
angrily, "you don't need to demand that."

"Alright!" bawled Vroomfondel banging on an nearby  desk.  "I  am
Vroomfondel, and that is not a demand, that is a solid fact! What
we demand is solid facts!"

"No we don't!"  exclaimed  Majikthise  in  irritation.  "That  is
precisely what we don't demand!"

Scarcely pausing  for  breath,  Vroomfondel  shouted,  "We  don't
demand  solid  facts!  What we demand is a total absence of solid
facts. I demand that I may or may not be Vroomfondel!"

"But who the devil are you?" exclaimed an outraged Fook.

